Update service.md (#15738)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

The IP address that you choose must be a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address from within the
`service-cluster-ip-range` CIDR range that is configured for the API server.
If you try to create a Service with an invalid clusterIP address value, the API

> server will return a 422 HTTP status code to indicate that there's a problem.

Reviewer: Good spot!

With the [style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) in mind, can I suggest:
```suggestion
server returns a 422 HTTP status code to indicate that there's a problem.
```

Reviewer: That's essentially a nit, and this is also OK to merge as is, so:
/lgtm
